*Wed, 05.04.2017, 14h*

__Attendees:__
Tobias, Frasher, Giso, Hendrik

1. We need protocols of our meetings 
	- Hendrik is will take notes    

2. Release numbers   
	- Options: 
		- do it manually (Hendrik checks out mechanism in github
		- Giso has written a half-automated release number generation script for TASCAR
		- It is important to store release number in data logging 
	- Release number format: x.yz
		- x: Major release (e.g. yearly release defined in NIH project milestones
		- y: updates and bug fixes
		- z: minor fixes
	- We will have a protocol to be followed for the release process that can contain manual steps to do
	- Suggestion: A new release is created whenever a push from the GH shadow repository's master branch is done, following on a squash commit from GH shadow-development to GH shadow master ("release branch")  

3. delay-and-sum beamformer
	- implementation finished
	- unit test to be performed [Frasher]      
   
4. openMHA documentation
	- still messy
	- Everyone should have a look on the current structure in the openMHA repository and give Frasher feedback
	- Example code needs to be reviewed and updated 
	- Documentation branch (doc-devel) in GH shadow repository will be merged in development branch 
	
5. Frequency shifter
	- Which one of the three to be taken? --> fshift_hilbert
	- test is needed

6. Octave fitting GUI
	- Many problems to be fixed
	- Currently: fix as many problems as possible, if appropriate some functionality (e.g., printing dialogue) can be removed or made dependent on Software used and integration left for later (after June'17 release)
	- Aim for long perspective solution needs to be defined
	- Data needs to be stored in non-.mat format, should be open source and open standard 
		- XML? - That's '90s 
		- Frasher will take a look on JSON
	- GUI is slow under octave (compared to running it in MatLab) 
		- use profiling to figure out where the bottlenecks are

7. Configuration interface
	- Needs to be fixed (I don't remember the details and didn't take notes, sorry!)

After session (without Giso)

8. GH-pages
	- Put link to repository on openMHA.org/download (so far only download link and clone command is there) [Hendrik]
	
9. openMHA vs. MHA
	- Strategic decision on head-of-R&D level needed urgently
	- According to that plugin interface in openMHA might need to be changed - to be done before June'17 release
	
10. Internal (i.e., Medi/Hoertech-users) feedback
	- Currently, feedback is send to Hendrik from medi-users (Ben W., Ayham Z.)
	- Leave it like this for the time being, as this provides a low threshold for reporting also minor bugs like typos and non-crucial inconsistencies in installation guide
	- Have an eye on the evolution of this process 
	
11. Beamformer (BF) plugins, plugin modularity
	- We try to keep plugins as modular as possible
	- MVDR-BF: Filter coefficients are to be provided from outside, i.e., stored somewhere
	- We might implement a free-field model plugin that provides delay and filter coefficients dependent on microphone setup geometry and direction of arrival, such that it is usable by delay-and-sum BF
	- We provide what we have available (like pre-computed filters based on HRTF database) to maximizes usability, but do not obligate ourselves to deliver whatever user ask for
	
12. openMHA reference paper
	- List LAC2017-paper as reference in openMHA readme (if Volker does not veto) until a technical paper about the first full release is published 
