<p><em>Wed, 03.05.2017, 14h</em></p>
<p><strong>Attendees:</strong> Tobias, Frasher, Hendrik</p>
<ol style="list-style-type: decimal">
<li>Hardware
<ul>
<li>to be bought for Frasher</li>
<li>Fireface UCX</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Henning Schepker's feedback canceler
<ul>
<li>We can take it</li>
<li>get plugin files from Kamil</li>
</ul></li>
<li>openMHA Documentation
<ul>
<li>LaTeX and HTML for all?</li>
<li>If not generated by doxygen</li>
<li><p>Check hyperlink functionality in .pdfs</p></li>
<li>plugin documentation?</li>
<li>from compiled plugins</li>
<li>see also 8.</li>
<li><p>Plugin documentation in a separate document</p></li>
</ul></li>
<li>Octave fitting GUI
<ul>
<li>Remove calibration etc. for first release</li>
<li>mha_control</li>
<li>leave levelmeter there</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Start up openMHA
<ul>
<li>provide different ways to start MHA</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Documentation for closed MHA
<ul>
<li>openMHA system should also work for closed MHA documentation</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Status of plugins included in openMHA
<ul>
<li>Tobias will collect what we need</li>
</ul></li>
<li>mha_getVersion
<ul>
<li>error because of interface difference</li>
<li>needs to be adapted (recompiled)</li>
</ul></li>
<li>NIH report
<ul>
<li>Plans for next funding period?
<ul>
<li>Calibration wizard</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li>Version control
<ul>
<li>kept in mha.h</li>
<li>update automatically? later...</li>
<li><p>Start with MHA version number + 1 increment --&gt; 4.5.0</p></li>
<li>Version is 4.5. for all user manuals</li>
<li><p>To be increased manually if necessary, put it into protocol for releases</p></li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>replace &quot;MHA&quot; by &quot;openMHA&quot; in all documents (but leave commandline &quot;mha&quot;)</p></li>
<li>Is there a common name for MatLab- and octave-language?
<ul>
<li>m-files</li>
<li>m-code?</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>tools directory 'matlab' directory --&gt; 'tools'</p></li>
<li>Manual titles
<ul>
<li>User Manual --&gt; Application Manual</li>
<li>mhacontrol --&gt; User Interface Manual</li>
<li>Plugin Documentation</li>
<li>Developers' Reference Handbook</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Tobias works on repository unification open-close MHA
<ul>
<li>not critical for June release</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Tobias makes Giso happy by changing the name of the toolbox file</p></li>
<li>Release protocol
<ul>
<li>To be set up!</li>
</ul></li>
</ol>
