<p><em>Wed, 05.04.2017, 14h</em></p>
<p><strong>Attendees:</strong> Tobias, Frasher, Giso, Hendrik</p>
<ol style="list-style-type: decimal">
<li>We need protocols of our meetings
<ul>
<li>Hendrik is will take notes</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Release numbers
<ul>
<li>Options:
<ul>
<li>do it manually (Hendrik checks out mechanism in github</li>
<li>Giso has written a half-automated release number generation script for TASCAR</li>
<li>It is important to store release number in data logging</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Release number format: x.yz
<ul>
<li>x: Major release (e.g. yearly release defined in NIH project milestones</li>
<li>y: updates and bug fixes</li>
<li>z: minor fixes</li>
</ul></li>
<li>We will have a protocol to be followed for the release process that can contain manual steps to do</li>
<li>Suggestion: A new release is created whenever a push from the GH shadow repository's master branch is done, following on a squash commit from GH shadow-development to GH shadow master (&quot;release branch&quot;)</li>
</ul></li>
<li>delay-and-sum beamformer
<ul>
<li>implementation finished</li>
<li>unit test to be performed [Frasher]</li>
</ul></li>
<li>openMHA documentation
<ul>
<li>still messy</li>
<li>Everyone should have a look on the current structure in the openMHA repository and give Frasher feedback</li>
<li>Example code needs to be reviewed and updated</li>
<li>Documentation branch (doc-devel) in GH shadow repository will be merged in development branch</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Frequency shifter
<ul>
<li>Which one of the three to be taken? --&gt; fshift_hilbert</li>
<li>test is needed</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Octave fitting GUI
<ul>
<li>Many problems to be fixed</li>
<li>Currently: fix as many problems as possible, if appropriate some functionality (e.g., printing dialogue) can be removed or made dependent on Software used and integration left for later (after June'17 release)</li>
<li>Aim for long perspective solution needs to be defined</li>
<li>Data needs to be stored in non-.mat format, should be open source and open standard
<ul>
<li>XML? - That's '90s</li>
<li>Frasher will take a look on JSON</li>
</ul></li>
<li>GUI is slow under octave (compared to running it in MatLab)
<ul>
<li>use profiling to figure out where the bottlenecks are</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li>Configuration interface
<ul>
<li>Needs to be fixed (I don't remember the details and didn't take notes, sorry!)</li>
</ul></li>
</ol>
<p>After session (without Giso)</p>
<ol start="8" style="list-style-type: decimal">
<li>GH-pages
<ul>
<li>Put link to repository on openMHA.org/download (so far only download link and clone command is there) [Hendrik]</li>
</ul></li>
<li>openMHA vs. MHA
<ul>
<li>Strategic decision on head-of-R&amp;D level needed urgently</li>
<li>According to that plugin interface in openMHA might need to be changed - to be done before June'17 release</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Internal (i.e., Medi/Hoertech-users) feedback
<ul>
<li>Currently, feedback is send to Hendrik from medi-users (Ben W., Ayham Z.)</li>
<li>Leave it like this for the time being, as this provides a low threshold for reporting also minor bugs like typos and non-crucial inconsistencies in installation guide</li>
<li>Have an eye on the evolution of this process</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Beamformer (BF) plugins, plugin modularity
<ul>
<li>We try to keep plugins as modular as possible</li>
<li>MVDR-BF: Filter coefficients are to be provided from outside, i.e., stored somewhere</li>
<li>We might implement a free-field model plugin that provides delay and filter coefficients dependent on microphone setup geometry and direction of arrival, such that it is usable by delay-and-sum BF</li>
<li>We provide what we have available (like pre-computed filters based on HRTF database) to maximizes usability, but do not obligate ourselves to deliver whatever user ask for</li>
</ul></li>
<li>openMHA reference paper
<ul>
<li>List LAC2017-paper as reference in openMHA readme (if Volker does not veto) until a technical paper about the first full release is published</li>
</ul></li>
</ol>
